The Meijer Free Sample Lady Saved My Life!
Published on November 04, 2007.
Yep. So today I went to Meijer for my weekly groceries.
I had an extra hour, so I figured I’d be extra slovenly this morning.
I made some coffee.
I wasted time on the internet.
Then I left.
But I forgot to eat breakfast!
I only remembered this once I got to Meijer.
I felt really weak, and realized I should’ve gotten food first.
So I sorta just staggered around, getting stuff I needed.
I went to the bottle return thingy too.
Due to my weakness, I think I talked to myself a lot more (“soup get!”) and weirded people out.
Wandering the aisles, I was trying to figure out if I could eat anything, then pay for it later.
But that doesn’t really work in grocery stores.
I would’ve sampled some Jelly Bellies, but I doubt that would have satiated my weak shell of a body.
Luckily, about halfway through the adventure, I saw that the foreign-sounding lady (“here! it’s-a very good a-pumpkin cake!”) that’s always giving away free samples at the Saline Rd Meijer had setup a pumpkin cake sample area!
I ate one, and told her it was the first thing I had eaten all day.
Then she gave me another!
She basically saved my life, maybe.
I didn’t end up buying a cake, but I did buy lots of other crap today.
So thank you foreign-sounding Meijer sample lady, whoever you are!